Advanced Visibility with SQL updates for v1.20 (#1926)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/clusters/how-to-set-up-visibility-in-a-temporal-cluster.md

---
id: how-to-set-up-visibility-in-a-temporal-cluster
title: How to set up Visibility in a Temporal Cluster
sidebar_label: Visibility store
description: Visibility storage is set up as a part of your Persistence store to enable listing and filtering details about Worklfow Executions that exist on your Temporal Cluster.
tags:
  - operation-guide
  - filtered-lists
  - visibility
---

> [Visibility](/concepts/what-is-visibility) storage is set up as a part of your [Persistence store](/concept/what-is-a-temporal-cluster#persistence) to enable listing and filtering details about Worklfow Executions that exist on your Temporal Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Visibility](/concepts/what-is-visibility) store is set up as a part of your [Persistence store](/concept/what-is-a-temporal-cluster#persistence) to enable listing and filtering details about Workflow Executions that exist on your Temporal Cluster.
```

> Visibility store is required in a Temporal Cluster setup as it is used by Temporal WebUI and `tctl` to pull Workflow Execution data, and enables features like batch operations on a group of Workflow Executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Visibility store is required in a Temporal Cluster setup because it is used by Temporal Web UI and `tctl` to pull Workflow Execution data and enables features like batch operations on a group of Workflow Executions.
```

With the Visibility store, you can use [List Filters](/concepts/what-is-a-list-filter) with [Search Attributes](/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute) to list and filter Workflow Executions that you want to review.

> Setting up [Advanced Visibility](/concepts/what-is-advanced-visibility) enables access to creating and using multiple custom Search Attributes with your List Filters. See [Search Attributes](/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up [Advanced Visibility](/concepts/what-is-advanced-visibility) enables access to creating and using multiple custom Search Attributes with your List Filters.
For details, see [Search Attributes](/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute).
```

Note that if you use MySQL, PostgreSQL, or SQLite as your Visibility store, Temporal Server version 1.20 and later supports Advanced Visibility features on MySQL (version 8.0.17 and later), PostgreSQL (version 12 and later) and SQLite (v3.31.0 and later), in addition to Elasticsearch.

To enable Advanced Visibility on your SQL databases, ensure that you do the following:

- [Upgrade your Temporal Server](/clusters/how-to-upgrade-the-temporal-server-version) to version 1.20.

> - [Update your database schemas](/clusters/how-to-upgrade-the-temporal-server-version#upgrade-mysql-or-postgresql-schema) for MySQL to version 8.0.17 (or later), PostgreSQL version 12 (or later), or SQLite to v3.31.0 (or later).

Reviewer: Might want to remove the link here and leave the text. The link is specific to MySQL, and the hover preview shows the info for Upgrade your Temporal Server.

#### Supported databases

The following databases are supported as Visibility stores:

> - [MySQL](/clusters/how-to-set-up-mysql-visibility-store) v5.7 and later. Use v8.0.17 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later.
> - [PostgreSQL](/clusters/how-to-set-up-postgresql-visibility-store) v9.6 and later. Use v12 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MySQL](/clusters/how-to-set-up-mysql-visibility-store) v5.7 and later.
  Use v8.0.17 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later.
- [PostgreSQL](/clusters/how-to-set-up-postgresql-visibility-store) v9.6 and later.
  Use v12 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later.
```

- [SQLite](/clusters/how-to-set-up-sqlite-visibility-store) v3.31.0 and later.

> - [Cassandra](/clusters/how-to-set-up-cassandra-visibility-store)
> - [Elasticsearch](/clusters/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster) supported versions
>   - We recommend operating a Temporal Cluster with Elasticsearch for any use case that spawns more than a few Workflow Executions.
>   - You can set Elasticsearch as your Visibility store or set it is specifically for Advanced Visibility with a different Visibility store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cassandra](/clusters/how-to-set-up-cassandra-visibility-store).
- [Elasticsearch](/clusters/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster) supported versions.
    - We recommend operating a Temporal Cluster with Elasticsearch for any use case that spawns more than a few Workflow Executions.
    - You can set Elasticsearch as your Visibility store or set it specifically for Advanced Visibility with a different Visibility store.
```
I'm not sure whether adding these spaces to the front of the second-level list items will convince them to render correctly. (Currently they run into the previous line.)

Author: something is up with the nested lists. updated these to read like a continuing paragraph instead.

Setting up [Advanced Visibility](/concepts/what-is-advanced-visibility) enables access to creating and using multiple custom Search Attributes with your List Filters.
For details, see [Search Attributes](/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute).

Note that if you use MySQL, PostgreSQL, or SQLite as your Visibility store, Temporal Server version 1.20 and later supports Advanced Visibility features on MySQL (version 8.0.17 and later), PostgreSQL (version 12 and later) and SQLite (v3.31.0 and later), in addition to Elasticsearch.

To enable Advanced Visibility on your SQL databases, ensure that you do the following:

- [Upgrade your Temporal Server](/clusters/how-to-upgrade-the-temporal-server-version) to version 1.20.
- [Update your database schemas](/clusters/how-to-upgrade-the-temporal-server-version#upgrade-mysql-or-postgresql-schema) for MySQL to version 8.0.17 (or later), PostgreSQL version 12 (or later), or SQLite to v3.31.0 (or later).

#### Supported databases

The following databases are supported as Visibility stores:

- [MySQL](/clusters/how-to-set-up-mysql-visibility-store) v5.7 and later.

>   Use v8.0.17 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Use v8.0.17 (or later) with Temporal Server v1.20 or later for advanced visibility capabilities.
```
